Feature/silabs doc (#206)
mkardous-silabs/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/silabs_cli_guide.md

# Silabs CLI Guide

## Introduction
The guide discusses the different CLIs that can be enabled with the Silabs sample apps.
The CLIs expose configuration and management APIs via a command line interface (CLI).

> For Openthread devices, the Openthread CLI can be used with or without the Matter CLI. For Wi-Fi devices, only the Matter CLI is available.

Reviewer: OpenThread (capital T) in both instances

> # Silabs CLI Guilde

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Silabs CLI Guide
```

-   [Enable the CLI interfaces](#enable-the-cli-interfaces)
    -   [Matter CLI](#matter-cli)
    -   [Openthreadn CLI](#openthread-cli)
-   [Connecting to the device](#connecting-to-the-device)
    -   [Screen Utility](#screen-utility)
    -   [Tera Term](#tera-term)
-   [Commands](#commands)
-   [Application Specific Commands](#application-specific-commands)

## Enable the CLI interfaces

### Matter CLI

To enable the Matter CLI, the `chip_build_libshell=true` argument can be added. This build argument can be added to Openthread and Wi-Fi build commands
Here is an example of the build command with the Matter CLI enabled.
```sh
./scripts/examples/gn_silabs_example.sh ./examples/lighting-app/silabs/ ./out/lighting-app BRD4187C chip_build_libshell=true
```

### Openthread CLI

The Openthread CLI is enabled by default on all Openthread builds. To disable the Openthread CLI, the `enable_openthread_cli=false` argument can be added.
Here is an example of the build command to disable the Openthread CLI.
```sh
./scripts/examples/gn_silabs_example.sh ./examples/lighting-app/silabs/ ./out/lighting-app BRD4187C enable_openthread_cli=false
```

## Connecting to the device

> The different CLI are provided throught the UART interface. The following list explicits the UART configurations to connect to the different CLIs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The different CLI are provided through the UART interface. The following table exposes the UART configurations to connect to the different CLIs
```

| Configuration | Value | 
| :----: | :---------- | 
| Baudrate (speed) | 115200 |
| Data  | 8 bit |
| Parity | None |
| Stop Bit | 1 bit |
| Flow Control | None |

> Any terminal emulator will permit to connect to the device. For MacOS and Linux, the screen utility can be used. For Windows, Terra Term can be used.

Reviewer 2: I believe it needs to be a serial terminal

Author: done

### Screen utility

> To use the Screen utility, we first need to find the vcom port. For MacOS, it will be formatted as `/dev/cu.usbmodem` and for Linux it will be formatted as `/dev//dev/tty.usbmodem`.

Reviewer 2: for Linux it is /dev/ttyACM0 where there 0 can vary to 1, 2 ...

Author: done
